# unity_webapp_alpha
The web application I've created pulls all of the data from the individual /madewith projects. Then, whenever a user accesses the site, it checks for a cookie called "projects_to_view". This cookie contains a list of the projects remaining to view. Then, it picks one of the projects from the list, excluding the last seen project, then updates the list, and displays the page that was picked. The updated list is returned as a cookie.

The reason why I decided to keep the data stored as a cookie is because it reduces the amount of data that we need to store on our database, otherwise we would need to store a list for each user, which could grow untenable depending on the number of users. Therefore, the easiest way is to store the data on the user's computer. There is the possibility that a user can remove or edit the cookie, but the only compromise this can have is that the user can attempt to see a project again or see a project that doesn't exist, and if they attempt to do the latter, the code will ignore the list and start over with a fresh list. There isn't any security concerns, as the only websites that can be loaded are the ones that we have predesignated as valid projects.

Note that this ensures that a different project is rendered each time the page is refreshed, as we remove the last seen project from the list, unless there's only one project in the list, in which case we're forced to return the same project.

As we only reset the list after having run out of projects to choose from, we will never repeat a project until the list is depleted. We only remove projects from the list when we've seen them, so we will only repeat a project when we have seen them all. There is another case where we can repeat, which is either if there's only one project or if the user tampers with our cookie, but the former makes sense, since we can't not return a project, and the latter is also reasonable, as a user tampering with our cookie violates the integrity of our project.

The ways that my design and implementation could be improved are primarily focused around the cookie that I store and the way we display the page. The way that I display the page is just through returning the HTMl of the page as is. The spec stated that the appearance of the page was not the focus of the project, but it would have been nice to see the page more completely.

The other thing that I would improve about the cookie is that currently, the cookie is stored as plaintext. Encrypting it somehow would probably be better for the user so that it's more obvious taht it has been tampered with.

Lastly, the thing that I would want to do next time is testing. Unfortunately, when I tried to run the code on my own laptop using the Eclipse IDE, I found that the cookie was not properly stored, as the domain was localhost. I tried to change it to fix this issue, but I couldn't find any workaround. As a result, my code is relatively untested. Unfortunately, this was the main task that I found I couldn't complete, in part because I wasn't familiar with the process of directly creating a Java web application from scratch.
